DOC-3356: New feature documentation for `tinymceai`. (#3976)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tinymceai-chat.adoc

= TinyMCE AI Chat
:navtitle: Chat
:pluginname: TinyMCE AI
:plugincode: tinymceai
:description: AI Chat feature for TinyMCE AI plugin
:description_short: AI Chat feature
:keywords: AI, chat, conversations, tinymceai
:page-role: -toc

> The {pluginname} Chat is a conversational AI that facilitates rich, multi-turn interactions between users and an AI Assistant for content creation and editing. It provides context setting, model selection, chat history, and capabilities for web search and reasoning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {pluginname} Chat is a conversational AI feature that facilitates rich, multi-turn interactions between users and an AI Assistant. It provides context setting, model selection, chat history, and capabilities for web search and reasoning.
```
isn't just used for content creation and editing - don't want to box it in unnecessarily

> The Chat feature is available as a plugin UI and through the Conversations API. This page covers both:

Reviewer: not sure on this one, but something was bugging me about the clarity. so, suggestion? feel free to ignore
```suggestion
The Chat feature is available as part of the `+tinymceai+` plugin for {productname} and through the Conversations API. This page covers both:
```

> * Plugin sections describe user-facing features and configuration (xref:tinymceai.adoc#options-chat[Chat configuration]).

Reviewer: I keep using "out-of-the-box" in various places, but I'm not sure if that's a term we like by our style guide tbh? I'm trying to differentiate that the plugin features are ready to go, vs API lets you do whatever custom things you want
```suggestion
* Plugin sections describe out-of-the-box user-facing features and configuration (xref:tinymceai.adoc#options-chat[Chat configuration]).
```

[[making-changes-to-the-content]]
=== Making changes to the content

Users can chat with the AI and use it to introduce changes to the document. Ask it to _"Summarize the document"_, _"Turn this report into a one-page executive summary"_, or _"Suggest better section titles and subheadings"_. The AI will then propose a series of changes to the document that can be xref:tinymceai-chat.adoc#previewing-changes[reviewed] and xref:tinymceai-chat.adoc#applying-changes[accepted or discarded one by one]. Long AI responses can be expanded using the **Expand** button to view the full suggestion. {pluginname} works directly on the content instead of requiring copy-paste of chat transcripts.

[[brainstorming]]
=== Brainstorming

The chat feature accelerates the creative process. Begin with a blank document and ask the AI for ideas. Build content step by step by chatting and applying changes. Then review or have the AI rewrite the final draft for best results, all in one place.

[[integration]]
== Integration

> To start using the Chat feature, first load the {pluginname} plugin in the editor configuration. The Chat button image:icons-premium/ai-assistant.svg[Chat icon,24px] will appear in the AI user interface along with the Chat history image:icons/restore-draft.svg[History icon,24px]. See xref:tinymceai.adoc[Plugin Reference] for installation and enabling AI features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using the Chat feature, add `+tinymceai+` to the plugins option. This will automatically add the image:icons-premium/ai-assistant.svg[Chat icon,24px] Chat toolbar button and menu item to the default {productname} toolbar and menu.
 
See xref:tinymceai.adoc[Plugin Reference] for more information regarding installation and enabling AI features.
```
felt a bit weird without the "more information" since we just gave some information?

[[reasoning]]
=== Reasoning

Reasoning in Chat models turns on the ability to think through problems, draw logical conclusions, and make sense of complex information. It enables the model to analyze context, connect ideas, and produce well-structured, coherent answers beyond simple pattern matching.

Some models use reasoning automatically, while others may require manual activation. Whether the "Enable reasoning" button image:icons-premium/reasoning.svg[Reasoning icon,24px] below the prompt input needs to be toggled depends on the model and sometimes even how the prompt is worded. For models that support reasoning, use the toggle button to enable it.

[[model-selection-configuration]]
=== Configuration

Model selection for AI chat can be configured using two configuration options:

* `tinymceai_default_model`: Set the default model to use for AI chat.

> * `tinymceai_allow_model_selection`: Control whether users can select from available models (defaults to `true`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tinymceai_allow_model_selection`: Control what models users can select from available models (defaults to `true`).
```

Reviewer: also, would it make more sense to have the Configuration section first within Available Models, before Web search and Reasoning?

xref:tinymceai-models.adoc#supported-models-table[Learn more about available AI models].

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: '#editor',
  plugins: 'tinymceai',
  toolbar: 'tinymceai-chat tinymceai-quickactions tinymceai-review',
  tinymceai_default_model: 'claude-3-5-haiku',
  tinymceai_allow_model_selection: true,
  // Required for authentication
  tinymceai_token_provider: () => {
    return fetch('/api/token').then(r => r.text()).then(token => ({ token }));
  }
});
----

[[adding-context-to-conversations]]
== Adding context to conversations

> The AI chat can work with the document and beyond. Use the "Add context" image:icons/plus.svg[Add context icon,24px] button below the prompt input to add URLs, files, and external resources to the conversation.

Reviewer 2: What file formats are supported?

Author: Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/2b53be68e9870b9c7da999cfcc13c5012f79f845

> image::tinymceai/tinymce-ai-chat-add-context-source-menu.png[{pluginname} Chat add context user interface,width=80%]

Reviewer: can be a later improvement, but could we use a screenshot that includes custom sources as well? be good to show off the full functionality (and I don't think we need two screenshots for this section)

Ask the AI about specific resources, for instance, _"Describe the attached image"_ or _"Summarize the key points from the attached Word document"_. The AI will analyze those resources and provide information that can be easily used in the document.

External resources enable seamless integration of knowledge bases and other centralized data into AI chat conversations. Instead of uploading documents each time, they can be selected from a list and referenced during the conversation.

[[context-configuration]]

> === Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Adding custom context sources
```
ignore if you want. just thought that flags the functionality better

Built-in options for adding the current document, URLs, and files to the conversation context are always available to users. There is no configuration option to enable or disable these built-in options.

To add custom external sources for users to select from, use the following configuration options:

* `tinymceai_chat_fetch_sources`: A function that returns a promise resolving to an array of available external sources. This is typically used to fetch a list of resources from a database or external API.

> * `tinymceai_chat_fetch_source`: A function that retrieves the content of a specific source by ID. This is used for hooking into a repository of custom sources and fetching content on demand.

Reviewer: thinking this'd be less confronting focusing on _what_ these do, rather than how to use them, then link to the plugin docs for details. not sure how to word that last sentence/link it sorry
```suggestion
* `tinymceai_chat_fetch_sources`: A function that fetches a list of resources from a database or external API, which is used to populate the menu for users to select from.
* `tinymceai_chat_fetch_source`: A function that retrieves the content of a specific source when needed. This content is passed to the AI as context.

See the plugin configuration guide for details.
```

Reviewer: ...alternatively, is this too much detail for this page, which is meant to be more higher level? these descriptions + the example below. I'm wondering if we just say that it's possible to configure custom sources, then link to the plugin config page for more information.

Author: Updated to be more high level

> * `tinymceai_chat_fetch_sources`: Supplies the list of sources shown in the menu (for example from a database or API).
> * `tinymceai_chat_fetch_source`: Loads the content for a selected source ID so it can be sent to the model as context.
> 
> Full schemas, return types, and examples are documented under xref:tinymceai.adoc#tinymceai_chat_fetch_sources[Chat configuration options].

[[applying-changes]]
=== Applying changes

Click the checkmark image:icons/checkmark.svg[Accept suggestion icon,24px] in the suggestion overlay to accept the current change. Use the arrow buttons to move between suggestions.

image::tinymceai/tinymce-ai-chat-diff-mode-apply-single-suggestion-overlay.png[{pluginname} Chat apply changes,width=80%]

Click **Apply remaining** in the review bar at the bottom of the editor to apply all remaining suggestions at once. The button shows the number of remaining suggestions, for example, "Apply remaining (11)".

image::tinymceai/tinymce-ai-chat-diff-mode-apply-remaining-suggestions.png[{pluginname} Chat apply all changes,width=80%]

[[rejecting-suggestions]]
=== Rejecting suggestions

Click the image:icons/close.svg[Reject suggestion icon,24px] in the suggestion overlay to reject the current suggestion. Click **Skip remaining** in the review bar at the bottom of the editor to skip all remaining suggestions.

image::tinymceai/tinymce-ai-chat-diff-mode-reject-suggestion-overlay.png[{pluginname} Chat reject button,width=80%]

[[chat-history]]
== Chat history

> All past conversations appear in the Chat history. Click the button image:icons/restore-draft.svg[Chat history icon,24px] in the chat header to open the list. Click a conversation to reopen it, or use the menu on each entry to pin, rename, or delete it. Click **Go to AI Chat** to return from the history view to the active conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All past conversations appear in the Chat history. Click the image:icons/restore-draft.svg[Chat history icon,24px] button in the chat header to open the list. Click a conversation to reopen it, or use the menu on each entry to pin, rename, or delete it. Click **Go to AI Chat** to return from the history view to the active conversation.
```
icon before "button" seems easier to read?

Conversations are grouped by date to help navigate the history. Conversations can be filtered by name using the search field at the top of the user interface.

image::tinymceai/tinymce-ai-chat-history-sidebar-conversation-list.png[AI Chat history,width=80%]

[NOTE]
====
Any conversation from the chat history can be continued as long as the AI model used for that conversation is xref:tinymceai-models.adoc#supported-models[still supported] by the feature. Click the conversation in the history to load it in the Chat interface.
====

[NOTE]
====

> After starting a new browser session, opening AI Chat does not restore an active link between the editor and a previous conversation's pending suggestions. To apply or dismiss suggestions from an earlier conversation, open that conversation again from Chat history so the editor and the conversation are connected in the current session.

Reviewer: this doesn't sound right...

Author: Updated to:
> Any conversation from the chat history can be continued as long as the AI model used for that conversation is xref:tinymceai-models.adoc#supported-models[still supported] by the feature. Click the conversation in the history to load it in the Chat interface.

====

[[conversations-api]]

> == Conversations API

Reviewer: we don't link to the API pages anywhere in here?

Author: Thanks for the pickup @metricjs - Ive added missing links to relevant locations. See [commit](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/1ce92d0c7cb9d7fb430c273538b9912504369edd)

* Plugin sections describe out-of-the-box user-facing features and configuration (xref:tinymceai.adoc#options-chat[Chat configuration]).
* API sections cover REST API access (starting at xref:tinymceai-chat.adoc#conversations-api[Conversations API]).

[[demo]]
== Demo

liveDemo::tinymceai[]

[[using-chat]]
== Using Chat

The <<demo,interactive demo>> above shows the Chat sidebar open beside the document. The following sections describe how Chat behaves in the editor.

[[working-with-the-document]]
=== Working with the document

{pluginname} operates directly within the context of the document. Users can ask questions about specific sections, request a full-document proofreading, and more.

By enabling image:icons-premium/web-search.svg[Web search icon,24px] xref:tinymceai-chat.adoc#web-search[Web search] or image:icons-premium/reasoning.svg[Reasoning icon,24px] xref:tinymceai-chat.adoc#reasoning[Reasoning], the chat capabilities can be extended, allowing the chat to look up information online and tackle complex tasks step by step.

[[making-changes-to-the-content]]
=== Making changes to the content

> Users can chat with the AI and use it to introduce changes to the document. Ask it to _"Summarize the document"_, _"Turn this report into a one-page executive summary"_, or _"Suggest better section titles and subheadings"_. The AI will then propose a series of changes to the document that can be xref:tinymceai-chat.adoc#previewing-changes[reviewed] and xref:tinymceai-chat.adoc#applying-changes[accepted or discarded one by one]. Long AI responses can be expanded using the **Expand** button to view the full suggestion. {pluginname} works directly on the content instead of requiring copy-paste of chat transcripts.

Reviewer 3: Not sure about this part "Long AI responses can be expanded using the **Expand** button to view the full suggestion." feels a bit out of place. It more for the history of previous changes now I read that as how you would expand the suggestions that are proposed when you prompt. Not sure how to re-word it though.

Author: Good pickup, I have updated the wording around this. See [commit](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/2939892f5298c01461ea3a7d37d26f131a3422f6) if you want to know more about the updates.

[[brainstorming]]
=== Brainstorming

The chat feature accelerates the creative process. Begin with a blank document and ask the AI for ideas. Build content step by step by chatting and applying changes. Then review or have the AI rewrite the final draft for best results, all in one place.

[[integration]]
== Integration

To start using the Chat feature, add `+tinymceai+` to the plugins option. This will automatically add the image:icons-premium/ai-assistant.svg[Chat icon,24px] Chat toolbar button and menu item to the default {productname} toolbar and menu.
 
See xref:tinymceai.adoc[Plugin Reference] for more information regarding installation and enabling AI features.

[[available-models]]
== Available models

Users can select the desired AI model for their conversation from a dropdown at the bottom of the chat.

image::tinymceai/tinymce-ai-chat-model-selector-dropdown-open.png[{pluginname} Chat available models dropdown,width=80%]

> Once selected, the AI model will persist for the duration of the conversation. To change the model, start a new conversation using the image:icons-premium/new-chat.svg[New Chat icon,24px] **New Chat** button at the top-right corner of the chat panel.

Reviewer 3: This is no longer true you can change model now at any time.

Author: updated in [this commit](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/498208defc77e200e80dd476d3ef4fbe093f78d2) to reflect updated behaviour

[[integration]]
== Integration

To start using the Chat feature, add `+tinymceai+` to the plugins option. This will automatically add the image:icons-premium/ai-assistant.svg[Chat icon,24px] Chat toolbar button and menu item to the default {productname} toolbar and menu.
 
See xref:tinymceai.adoc[Plugin Reference] for more information regarding installation and enabling AI features.

[[available-models]]
== Available models

Users can select the desired AI model for their conversation from a dropdown at the bottom of the chat.

image::tinymceai/tinymce-ai-chat-model-selector-dropdown-open.png[{pluginname} Chat available models dropdown,width=80%]

Once selected, the AI model will persist for the duration of the conversation. To change the model, start a new conversation using the image:icons-premium/new-chat.svg[New Chat icon,24px] **New Chat** button at the top-right corner of the chat panel.

[[model-selection-configuration]]
=== Configuration

Model selection for AI chat can be configured using these options:

> * `tinymceai_default_model`: Set the default model to use for AI chat.

Reviewer 2: It is not clear which models Tinymce AI supports.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/2b53be68e9870b9c7da999cfcc13c5012f79f845 but we need to find a way to remove mentioning model specifics within docs- are it might become outdated FAST.

* `tinymceai_allow_model_selection`: When `true`, users can pick from models the service exposes in the UI; when `false`, the default model is used without a selector (defaults to `true`).

xref:tinymceai-models.adoc#supported-models-table[Learn more about available AI models].

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: '#editor',
  plugins: 'tinymceai',
  toolbar: 'tinymceai-chat tinymceai-quickactions tinymceai-review',

>   tinymceai_default_model: 'claude-3-5-haiku',

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  tinymceai_default_model: 'claude-4-5-haiku',
```
This is the current model available

Author: Updated example based on fresh call to  `GET /v1/models/{version}`  ref: https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/775a3a816f565570eeb761e8d498b928f068bf20

[[demo]]
== Demo

liveDemo::tinymceai[]

[[integration]]
== Integration

To start using the Chat feature, first load the TinyMCE AI plugin in your editor configuration. The Chat button image:https://placehold.net/default.png[Chat icon,24px] will appear in the AI user interface along with the Chat history image:https://placehold.net/default.png[History icon,24px]. See xref:tinymceai.adoc[Plugin Reference] for installation and enabling AI features.

[[available-models]]
== Available models

Users can select the desired AI model for their conversation from a dropdown at the bottom of the chat.

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat available models dropdown]

Once selected, the AI model will persist for the duration of the conversation. If you want to change the model, you can start a new conversation using a dedicated image:https://placehold.net/default.png[New chat icon,24px] button at the top-right corner of the chat panel.

[[web-search]]
=== Web search

> Web search in Chat allows it to access and retrieve real-time information from the internet. Instead of relying only on pre-trained knowledge, the model can search the web to find up-to-date facts, verify details, and provide more accurate, current answers. Toggle the "Enable web search" button image:https://placehold.net/default.png[Web search icon,24px] for a compatible model to start using the Web search functionality.

Reviewer: Flagging that some models use web search of their own volition iirc; whether you need to turn it on manually depends on the model and sometimes even how you word your prompt

Author: @metricjs 

Clarified:
- Updated docs to state that some models use web search automatically, while others may require manual activation
- Whether the toggle needs to be used depends on the model and sometimes prompt wording
- Removed implication that manual toggle is always required

Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/7bb949474064a56214a6d0743076fb10e7e485d9

[[reasoning]]
=== Reasoning

> Reasoning in Chat models turns on the ability to think through problems, draw logical conclusions, and make sense of complex information. It enables the model to analyze context, connect ideas, and produce well-structured, coherent answers beyond simple pattern matching. Toggle the "Enable reasoning" button image:https://placehold.net/default.png[Reasoning icon,24px] for a compatible model to start using the Reasoning functionality.

Reviewer: Flagging that some models use reasoning of their own volition iirc; whether you need to turn it on manually depends on the model and sometimes even how you word your prompt

Author: @metricjs 

Clarified:
- Updated docs to state that some models use reasoning automatically, while others may require manual activation
- Whether the toggle needs to be used depends on the model and sometimes prompt wording
- Removed implication that manual toggle is always required

Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/7bb949474064a56214a6d0743076fb10e7e485d9

[[model-selection-configuration]]
=== Configuration

> The `tinymceai_conversations_models` configuration property allows you to configure model selection for AI chat. The property lets the integrator set the default model, tailor the available models list, or turn the list off. xref:tinymceai-integration.adoc#supported-ai-models[Learn more about available AI models].

Reviewer: Instead of this kind of nested object, we've got 3 separate config options:
- `tinymceai_default_model`
- `tinymceai_allow_model_selection`
- `tinymceai_allowed_models`

Author: @metricjs 

Updated:
- Replaced nested `tinymceai_conversations_models` object with three separate configuration options:
  - `tinymceai_default_model`
  - `tinymceai_allow_model_selection`
  - `tinymceai_allowed_models`
- Updated code example to use the separate options instead of nested structure

Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/7bb949474064a56214a6d0743076fb10e7e485d9

  },
  tinymceai_conversations_models: {
    defaultModelId: 'claude-3-5-haiku',
    modelSelectorAlwaysVisible: false,
    displayedModels: ['gpt', 'claude']
  }
});
----

[[adding-context-to-conversations]]
== Adding context to conversations

The AI chat can work with your document and beyond. Use the "Add context" button image:https://placehold.net/default.png[Add context icon,24px] on the right of the prompt input, to add URLs, files, and external resources to your conversation.

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat add context user interface]

Ask the AI about specific resources, for instance, _"Describe the attached image"_ or _"Summarize the key points from the attached Word document"_. The AI will analyze those resources for you and provide information you can easily use in your document.

External resources enable you to seamlessly integrate knowledge bases and other centralized data into your AI chat conversations. Instead of uploading documents each time you want to chat, you can simply select them from a list and reference them during your conversation.

[[context-configuration]]
=== Configuration

> The `tinymceai_conversations_context` configuration property configures the AI chat menu for adding resources to the prompt context.

Reviewer: We've done this differently, since we don't nest objects usually. I'm not sure we even have a setting to configure which options are available - might need to look into that - but we do have the following for integrators to add sources for users to use:
- `tinymceai_additional_sources_list` 
- `tinymceai_get_additional_source`

Reviewer: The latter is more about hooking into a repository of custom sources or something I think

Author: @metricjs 

Updated:
- Removed nested `tinymceai_conversations_context` object structure
- Clarified that built-in options (document, URLs, files) are always available and cannot be configured
- Replaced with two separate options:
  - `tinymceai_additional_sources_list` (function returning list of external sources)
  - `tinymceai_get_additional_source` (function to fetch source content by ID)
- Simplified code example significantly

Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/7bb949474064a56214a6d0743076fb10e7e485d9

            // Note: Since the `data` property is not provided, the content will be retrieved using the `getData()` callback (see below).
            // This will prevent fetching large content along with the list of resources.
          },
          // URLs to resources.
          {
            id: 'url2',
            type: 'web-resource',
            label: 'Company brochure in PDF',
            data: 'https://example.com/brochure.pdf'
          },
          {
            id: 'url3',
            type: 'web-resource',
            label: 'Company website in HTML',
            data: 'https://example.com/index.html'
          },
          // ...
        ],
        // The optional callback to retrieve the content of resources without the `data` property provided by the `getResources()` callback.
        // When the user picks a specific resource,  the content will be fetched on demand (from database or external API) by this callback.
        // This prevents fetching large resources along with the list of resources.
        getData: (id) => fetchDocumentContent(id)
      },
      // More context providers...
    ]
  }
});
----

[[working-with-ai-generated-changes]]

> == Working with AI-generated changes

Reviewer: This is where our UI differs the most I think. Showing changes and Previewing is a single toggle, and we lean on showing changes in the content rather than the chat. This section could probably be simplified a lot thanks to that.

Author: @metricjs 

Simplified:
- Removed separate "Showing details" and "Previewing changes" subsections
- Combined into single description clarifying that showing changes and previewing is a single toggle
- Emphasized that changes are displayed directly in document content (not in chat)
- Removed multiple images showing different views
- Made section more concise and content-focused

Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/7bb949474064a56214a6d0743076fb10e7e485d9

If you ask the AI for changes to your document, for instance, _"Bold key facts in the document"_, you will receive a series of proposed changes instead of plain text responses.

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat changes]

Move your cursor over any change to highlight the section of your document it applies to, helping you identify it among other proposed edits.

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat highlighted changes in content]

[[showing-details]]
=== Showing details

You can toggle details of the changes by pressing the "Show details" button image:https://placehold.net/default.png[Show details icon,24px]. By default, you will see detailed information on what exactly was suggested, including additions (green markers), removals (red markers), and formatting changes (blue markers).

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat highlighted changes]

Click the button again to see a clean, simplified overview of the changes as they'll appear in your document once accepted.

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat clean view]

[[previewing-changes]]
=== Previewing changes

> Click the "Show in the text" button image:https://placehold.net/default.png[Show in the text icon,24px] to display the information window about an individual change with options to apply it or turn it into a Suggested Edits suggestion. You can use this window to browse all proposed changes and work with them one by one. As you navigate through the changes, the window will automatically follow the corresponding sections of the document.

Reviewer: we don't integrated with Suggested Edits yet

Author: @metricjs 

Modified:
- Removed phrase "or turn it into a Suggested Edits suggestion" from the previewing changes description
- Section now only describes applying changes, without Suggested Edits references

Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/7bb949474064a56214a6d0743076fb10e7e485d9

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat changes preview in text]

[[applying-changes]]
=== Applying changes

If you click the "Apply" button in the AI balloon, the change proposed by the AI will be applied to the document.

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat apply changes]

Click the "Apply all" button in chat to apply all AI suggestions at once.

image::https://placehold.net/default.png[TinyMCE AI Chat apply all changes]

[[inserting-suggested-edits]]

> === Inserting Suggested Edits suggestions

Reviewer: we don't integrate with suggested edits yet

Author: @metricjs 

Removed:
- Entire "Inserting Suggested Edits suggestions" section
- Anchor, heading, and all content about Suggested Edits integration
- Associated image

Updated in https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3976/commits/7bb949474064a56214a6d0743076fb10e7e485d9
